<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_withdraw_money_from_an_atm">
    <title>How to withdraw money from an ATM</title>
    <shortdesc>The procedure illustrated below will walk through the steps of withdrawing cash from
        an ATM.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_epl_qs1_npb">You must possess an active debit or ATM card along with the
            correct 4 digit PIN.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p>There may be small variations in the withdrawal process depending on the software
                used by different banks.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Look for an illustration on the ATM on how to insert the card. Insert your ATM
                    or debit card face up into the card slot, usually indicated by a green blinking
                    light.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select your language. Selection can be done either by tapping the text on the
                    screen (in case of touch screen ATMs) or by pressing the button next to the text
                    on the screen.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter your PIN (Personal Identification Number), which is usually a 4-digit
                    code specific to the card you inserted using the keypad.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Press Enter on the keypad. Upon entering the correct PIN, you will be directed
                    to a menu. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Press Withdraw from the menu. Another menu is displayed asking you to select
                    your account type.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Press Savings for personal accounts or Current if you hold a business
                    account.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the amount you want to withdraw using the keypad and then press
                    Enter.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The ATM will ask if you want a receipt. Press Yes if you want a printed receipt
                    of your transaction or Press No if a printed receipt is unnecessary.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Wait for the ATM to complete your transaction. The cash is ejected from a slot
                    below the screen. Take the cash out. NOTE: There is a timer for you to
                    successfully accept the cash. Upon expiry of timer, the cash is automatically
                    reclaimed by the ATM.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The ATM will ask you if you’d like to make another transaction. Press Yes if
                    you want to check your balance or make another withdrawal, etc. Press No if
                    there are no more transactions to be made.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The ATM will eject your card. Remove card from slot and store safely. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_lvd_rs1_npb">Cash will be dispensed by the ATM at the end of the
            transaction.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
